This week, there was an issue at work where a list of computers that were unaccounted for and we needed to find out where they were or if they were even connected
to our network. It was hard because there was a lot of guessing, so what I brought up was to ping them and see if they are
active. We had the service tag listed and anytime a computer is installed, we name the computer after its service tag. At the moment, I did not realize that my thought was 
more helpful than what I had realized before. By pinging the computer, we were able to get an IP address back. With the IP address, we were able to see the subnet it 
belonged to. This allowed us to at least know what floor they were on and if it was inactive, then it was a lot less hunting down than we initially had to do.

The way our network is set up, each floor has a unique subnet. By populating a list of the computers that responded, we were able to create a list of computers per floor and then retrieve
any of the information that was missing as well as assure that it was not lost or stolen. In the end, we were able to split up and found each computer. That idea came to mind because
when I was younger, I took a networking class at an occupational center and we had to set up a switch with basic configuration and connect a couple of computers to it. The goal was
to get them to ping and we learned that other than the IP address, if we had the exact name of the computer, it was also possible to ping it through the unique name. 