This week I have been working with Lambda functions for our senior design class.
I made modifications to the functions that were created in our groups' Lambda Console. 
Once I got to the console, I chose the funtions that we had created and I inserted the code I found off of an AWS tutorial that helped a ton.
The site is here: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/start-stop-lambda-cloudwatch/

To the code, I added our EC2 IDs and changed the region so that it matched up with the EC2 file.
After modifying the functions to what we needed, I proceeded to create rules for each function to start and stop the EC2 file and keep it on a schedule.
For that, I went into the Cloudwatch Console and created a rule and targeted each specific function so that it was triggered at a specific time. For example,
I made it so that the 'Start' Lambda function was triggered every Friday at 00:00:00 GMT, which meant that it would automatically start the EC2. For that, I had to 
make sure my parameters were correct. My parameters for the 'Start' rule were: 0 0 ? * 6 *. The first 0 is minutes, second 0 is hours, the question mark means that it is not
executed on a specific day, the * is any day in the month, the 6 means Friday, and the last * means any year.
With Cloudwatch, it allows you to adjust the parameters and it will give you the next 10 outputs to show you that you did it correctly. Once I had both done, I created the rules
and looked at our EC2s and the services stopped because it was not the right day.

