Telecommute Overload

This week, rather than a breakdown, I am writing about my department's first week of telecommuting. We were overloaded with questions,
errors, and physically overloaded. Many users were having trouble connecting with their computers due to their workstations being turned
off, their vpn accounts being invalid or their computer not being able to handle the remoting. It was different having to actually be
over the phone assitance rather than in person. The take aways I noticed where the limitation over the phone. It may not matter how 
good someone is knowledgable you are with a system, if you cannot explain or baby someone through the steps to accomplish the goal, the
company suffers.

Another big issue we had within the city, was too many connections at once. According to the IT division above us, they had done stress
tests to prepare for the masses of connections coming in. Unfortunately, it did not go as planned and so we had to try to figure out what
could be done. I believed that because the bulding was supposed to be built for any type of connections, it should not be a hardware issue
on our end. While trying to come up with a reason, I brainstormed with our system analyst and I threw the idea of a possibility that the 
issue could be with our ISP. Initially it was thrown out because the systems analyst said that a service for the city might not be 
throttled like it would be at someone's personal home. Then after reports came back, the IT division concluded that the bandwidth was not
set on the ISP's side to push that much traffic. After modifications done on their end, everything worked smoothly. 

The conclusion to this was that my initial train of thought came from small things I picked up in my classes at CSUN. I may not have been
able to be the a straight A student, but the way I think was molded by things I learned at school. I directly did not fix the issue, but I
felt a sense of accomplishment because it gave me reassurance that I am doing something I enjoy as well as being competent in my field. It 
resurrected a feeling of wanting to learn. A spark that if I am being completely honest, has not been around in a while. Such a small thing
but a moment that will get me going and push me to the certificates I now want to push myself and earn. A big thank you to you as well for
being a part of this journey.