Myki Password Manager

Throughout my IT journey, I have always been recommended to me to keep back ups of my passwords for accounts that are really important. 
It was also recommended to me to never save my passwords onto my computer or my browser for automatic login. A coworker who specializes
in personal security just recommended an app to manage all of my passwords securely. It is called Myki Authenticator. It saves all 
passwords locally on my phone and I am able to download it as an app on my PC for easy access. The way it works is you have to download
and install the app on your phone first. After, it will direct you to make an account and you can link it with your app on your laptop.
It conncects through QR Code or entering the provided pairing code. Once installed on both devices, you can provide permission to have
browser add-ons to scan your browsers and automatically save saved passwords as well as passwords you manually input.

The company's priority and what they thrive on is that they do not have a cloud where you store your personal information. It is all
locally shared on your devices and you can transfer the information accross your devices. Because of this, it is harder for passwords 
to be stolen or hacked into. In order to open the app, you also have to have a pin or face recognition enabled. I just started using it,
and so far, it is easy to manage. It is perfect for someone who has a ton of accounts and needs a way to manage them and save the 
information.