Google Home Mini

I just bought a Google Home Mini for my room and I have started to see how I can integrate it with all my other tech and into my personal
life. For example, I can easily set reminders and alarms separate from my phone. So if I sleep through my phone alarm, with the integrated
speaker, I am more likely not going to sleep through the Google Home one. So far, I am still learning about it's capabilities and that is
what this post is mainly about. I learned that as I am getting ready, I can check how long my commute will be to work without having to
stop and input the address into my maps. Also, I am enjoying how I can ask simple questions and it will give me the best answer it can
possibly find. Another thing that amazes me is that if I am running low on something specific, I can simply comand it to add that something
into my Google Cart and it is ready for me to purchase. 

Also, being stuck at home and having to work more from my room,it is more flexible to play music without having to dig through my playlists
and favorited music. I can ask it to play a random song or a specific genre and it will search for something. I was also able to connect my
Google Home with a couple of Google Nest Minis and was able group them together to get multiroom audio. For that, here are the steps:

1. Open Google Home App
2. Tap on the "+" sign on the top left corner of the app
3. Tap on "Creat Speaker Group"
4. After all the devices on your network load, you can tap on each one you want to connect and press next
5. Name your Group

After that is done, you go to the main menu of the app and you can see your group and you can start to play music.